feat(content): Added friendly civilian hails (#10396)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/hails.txt

		"uranium or uranium" "uranium"
		"neodymium and neodymium" "neodymium"
		"neodymium or neodymium" "neodymium"

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "Be careful of"
        "A warning about"
        "Be suspicious of"
        "Don't trust"
    word
        " "
    word
        "those space casinos. I blew"
    word
        " "
    word
        "a"
        "two"
        "three"
        "four"
        "five"
    word
        " "
    word
        "million credits on"
    word
        "Bourne"
        "Spica"
        "Rust"
        "Starcross"
        "Skymoot"
        "Thunder"
        "Zug"
        "Flood"
        "Longjump"
        "Glaze"
        "Deep"
        "Clink"
        "Winter"
        "Solace"
        "Twinstar"
        "Sundrinker"
        "Trinket"

>         "Dancer"

Reviewer: How come these are all Southern Rim planets? I feel like you'd probably find more gambling in the Paradise Worlds or the Core planets.

    word
        " "
    word
        "blackjack."
        "poker."
        "backgammon."
        "baccarat."
        "roulette."

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: Please put line breaks between phrases.
```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "Have you read the latest edition of"
    word
        " "
    word
        "Cosmic Chronicles"
        "Stellar Spectacles"
        "Galactic Gazette"
        "Quantum Quandaries"
        "Nebula News"
        "Phantom Planets"
        "Vague Voyages"
        "Dark Dimensions"
        "Mysterious Moons"
        "Silent Satellites"
        "Zesty Zeniths"
        "Daring Discoveries"
        "Fiery Frontiers"
        "Global Galaxies"
        "Rapid Rockets"

>         "Orbital Overload"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Orbital Overload"
        "Stars and Starships"
```
Might as well include one already mentioned in-game!

(Do wish these would be more than just alliterative, e.g. "Southern Rim Spacer News", "Tarazed Today".....)

    word
         "? It says that"
    word
         " "
    word
        "pulse showers are good for your quantum pores."
        "exposing yourself to neodymium increases your risk of spacepox."

>         "shoddily grown ion algae exhaust your psychic karma."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "shoddily grown ion algae exhausts your psychic karma."
```
I have no clue what this means but it sounds bad.

>         "laser acupuncture let you communicate with nebula ghosts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "laser acupuncture lets you communicate with nebula ghosts."
```
We don't actually feature any nebulas prominently in human space. Hmm, hopefully the Pirates expansion changes that.

>         "star crystals brings luck with long distance relationships."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "star crystals bring luck to long distance relationships."
```
Or:
```suggestion
        "star crystals bring luck to interplanetary relationships."
```

>         "consuming moon dust accelerates hair growth but causes lunar lunacy."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "consuming moon dust accelerates hair growth but causes lunacy."
```
"Lunar lunacy", bit tautological, no?

        "excessive exposure to zero gravity can lead to phantom limb syndrome."
        "alien prosthetics often come with unexpected telepathic abilities."
        "stardate tattoos increase your chances of alien abduction."

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "I'm no weapons expert, but it feels better firing"
    word
        " "
    word
        "energy blasters"
        "particle cannons"
        "proton guns"
    word
        " "
    word
        "than"
        "compared to"
    word
        " "
    word
        "beam lasers."

>         "electron beams."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Electron beams are locked behind FW so this hail might appear before they are introduced. (Wish we could have more dynamic hails...)

        "heavy lasers."

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "I shouldn't have sold my old ship. It was a"
    word
        " "
    word
        "Shuttle"
        "Star Barge"
        "Sparrow"
        "Heavy Shuttle"
        "Freighter"
        "Fury"
    word
        " "
    word
        "that never had"
    word
        " "
    word
        "stalling engines."

>         "broken batteries."

Reviewer: This one feels off to me.

        "unstable shielding."
        "overheating fuel cells."
        "a glitchy HUD."
        "faulty ship detection."

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "Finished cleaning my cargo hold. The" 
        "Cargo hold is all spick and span. The"
        "Finished scrubbing the hold. The"
    word
        " "
    word
        "freshener" 
        "perfume"
        "spray"
        "fragrance"
    word
        " "
    word
        "I used makes it smell like"
    word
        " "
    word
        "strawberries!"
        "bananas!"
        "peaches!"
        "roses!"
        "jasmine!"
        "lavender!"

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "Have you seen the movie where the" 
    word
        " "
    word
        "hero"
        "villain"
    word
        " "
    word

>         "mounted modded twin blasters on a modded Argosy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "mounted overcharged twin blasters on a modded Argosy"
```

        "shoots up a security station with dual space pistols"
        "dodges quad blaster turrets with a stolen Flivver"
    word
        "? So cool."

> phrase "friendly civilian"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly civilian"
```

    word
        "Frankly, I'm thinking of joining the Navy because"
        "Truthfully, I'm going to be part of the Navy because"
        "I'm enlisting in the Navy because"
    word
        " "
    word
        "of their dental insurance."
        "they'll cover my tuition."
        "their amazing ship selection."
        "they offer childcare assistance."

> phrase "friendly navy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

phrase "friendly navy"
```

		"neodymium and neodymium" "neodymium"
		"neodymium or neodymium" "neodymium"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Be careful of"
		"A warning about"
		"Be suspicious of"
		"Don't trust"
	word
		" those space casinos. I blew "
	word
		"half a"
		"a"
		"two"
		"three"
		"four"
		"five"
	word
		" million credits on "
	word
		"Ada"
		"Calda"
		"Farseer"
		"Geminus"
		"Glory"
		"Hestia"
		"Mainsail"
		"Martini"
		"Pearl"
		"Vail"
		"Vinci"
	word

> 		" "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		" playing "
```

	word
		"blackjack."
		"poker."
		"backgammon."
		"baccarat."
		"roulette."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Have you read the latest edition of "
	word
		"Cosmic Chronicles"
		"Daring Discoveries"
		"Norn Nebula News"
		"Southern Rim Spacer News"
		"Stars and Starships"
		"Sunracer Stellar Spectacles"
		"Tarazed Today"
		"the Galactic Gazette"
		"the New Moonshake"
		"the Satellite Sentinel"
	word
		"? "
	word
		"It says"
		"It claims"
	word
		" that "
		" "
	word
		"pulse showers are good for your quantum pores"
		"exposing yourself to neodymium increases your risk of spacepox"
		"shoddily grown ion algae exhausts your psychic karma"
		"laser acupuncture lets you communicate with nebula ghosts"
		"star crystals bring luck to long distance relationships"
		"consuming moon dust accelerates hair growth but causes lunacy"
		"excessive exposure to zero gravity can lead to phantom limb syndrome"
		"alien prosthetics often come with unexpected telepathic abilities"
		"stardate tattoos increase your chances of alien abduction"
	word
		"."
		"!"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I'm no weapons expert, but it feels better firing "
	word

> 		"energy blasters"
> 		"particle cannons"
> 		"proton guns"

Reviewer 2: References to the specific outfits should be capitalised.
```suggestion
		"Energy Blasters"
		"Particle Cannons"
		"Proton Guns"
```
Also, I'm curious as to why Plasma Cannons are not included in this list?
I think they're much more similar to Paritcle Cannons and Proton Guns than Energy Blasters.
```suggestion
		"Energy Blasters"
		"Particle Cannons"
		"Plasma Cannons"
		"Proton Guns"
```

	word
		" than "
	word

> 		"beam lasers."
> 		"heavy lasers."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"Beam Lasers."
		"Heavy Lasers."
```

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I shouldn't have sold my old ship. It was just a "
	word
		"Shuttle"
		"Star Barge"
		"Sparrow"
		"Heavy Shuttle"
		"Freighter"
		"Fury"
	word
		" but it never had "
	word
		"stalling engines."
		"unstable shielding."
		"overheating fuel cells."
		"a glitchy HUD."
		"faulty ship detection."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Finished cleaning my cargo hold"
		"Cargo hold is all spick and span"
		"Finished scrubbing the hold"
	word
		". The "
	word
		"freshener"
		"perfume"
		"spray"
		"fragrance"
	word
		" I used makes it smell like "
	word
		"strawberries"
		"bananas"
		"peaches"
		"roses"
		"jasmine"
		"lavender"
	word
		"."
		"!"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Have you seen the holofilm where the "
	word
		"good guy"
		"hero"
		"bad guy"
		"villain"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"mounts overcharged twin blasters on a modded Argosy"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"mounts overcharged Twin Blasters on a modded Argosy"
```

		"shoots up a security station with dual laser pistols"

> 		"dodges quad blaster turrets in a stolen Flivver"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"dodges Quad Blaster Turrets in a stolen Flivver"
```

	word
		"? So cool."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Frankly, I'm thinking of joining the Navy"
		"Honestly, I'm going to join the Navy"
		"I'm enlisting in the Navy"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"because of their dental insurance."
> 		"since they'll cover my tuition."
> 		"to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships."
> 		"because they offer childcare assistance."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"because of their dental insurance"
		"since they'll cover my tuition"
		"to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships"
		"because they offer childcare assistance"
	word
		"."
```

		"neodymium and neodymium" "neodymium"
		"neodymium or neodymium" "neodymium"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Be careful of"
		"A warning about"
		"Be suspicious of"
		"Don't trust"
	word
		" "
	word
		"those space casinos. I blew"
	word
		" "
	word
		"half a"
		"a"
		"two"
		"three"
		"four"
		"five"
	word
		" million credits on "

> 	word

Reviewer 2: Is there any particular reason that we have:
```
	word
		" "
	word
		"those space casinos. I blew"
	word
		" "
	word
```
And then also:
```
	word
		" million credits on "
	word
```
?
They appear to be doing the same thing (this part of the result from this phrase should always be this series of words, no other options) but the first puts the leading trailing spaces in their own "word"s while hte second includes them in the "word" with the other words.

		"Martini"
		"Thrall"
		"Geminus"
		"Hestia"
		"Vinci"
		"Vail"
		"Calda"
		"Pearl"
		"Glory"
		"Farseer"
		"Pilot"
		"Ada"
		"Hermes"

> 		"Mainsail"

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure Pilot makes sense on this list.
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/02e6ded1e7cb9ef7a8e401e71c9accd6133a68b5/data/map%20planets.txt#L3477-L3482
Doesn't appear to be the sort of place where you're likely to find a casino, at least not the sort that these other worlds would have.

Thrall is also a questionable choice:
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/02e6ded1e7cb9ef7a8e401e71c9accd6133a68b5/data/map%20planets.txt#L4531-L4536
Especially when it's in the same system as Martini, which is clearly the bigger tourist attraction.

And Hermes:
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/02e6ded1e7cb9ef7a8e401e71c9accd6133a68b5/data/map%20planets.txt#L2120-L2125

Also, what ordering is in use here?

Author: Removed those planets from the list. I alphabetized the list.

	word
		" "
	word
		"blackjack."
		"poker."
		"backgammon."
		"baccarat."
		"roulette."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Have you read the latest edition of"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Cosmic Chronicles"
		"Daring Discoveries"
		"Norn Nebula News"
		"Southern Rim Spacer News"
		"Stars and Starships"
		"Sunracer Stellar Spectacles"
		"Tarazed Today"
		"the Galactic Gazette"
		"the New Moonshake"
		"the Satellite Sentinel"
	word
		"? "
	word

> 		"It says that"
> 		"It claims that"
> 		"It says"
> 		"It claims"
> 	word
> 		" "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"It says"
		"It claims"
	word
		" that "
		" "
```

		"Rapid Rockets"
		"Orbital Overload"
		"Stars and Spaceships"
	word
		"? It says that"
	word
		" "
	word
		"pulse showers are good for your quantum pores."
		"exposing yourself to neodymium increases your risk of spacepox."
		"shoddily grown ion algae exhausts your psychic karma."
		"laser acupuncture lets you communicate with nebula ghosts."
		"star crystals bring luck to long distance relationships."
		"consuming moon dust accelerates hair growth but causes lunacy."
		"excessive exposure to zero gravity can lead to phantom limb syndrome."
		"alien prosthetics often come with unexpected telepathic abilities."
		"stardate tattoos increase your chances of alien abduction."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I'm no weapons expert, but it feels better firing"
	word
		" "
	word
		"energy blasters"
		"particle cannons"
		"proton guns"
	word
		" "
	word
		"than"

> 		"compared to"

Reviewer 3: "compared to" feels a bit stilted here.
```suggestion
```

	word
		" "
	word
		"beam lasers."
		"heavy lasers."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I shouldn't have sold my old ship. It was a"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Shuttle"
		"Star Barge"
		"Sparrow"
		"Heavy Shuttle"
		"Freighter"
		"Fury"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"that never had"

Reviewer 3: Doesn't really fit. It almost sounds like the issues in the next few lines are things you _want_ your ship to have. I'd rephrase it, or maybe change `It was a"` -> `It was just a"`, and `"that never had"` -> `"but it never had"`

	word
		" "
	word
		"stalling engines."
		"unstable shielding."
		"overheating fuel cells."
		"a glitchy HUD."
		"faulty ship detection."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word

> 		"Finished cleaning my cargo hold. The" 

Reviewer: Removing some trailing whitespaces.
```suggestion
		"Finished cleaning my cargo hold. The"
```

		"Cargo hold is all spick and span. The"

> 		"Finished scrubbing the hold. The"

Reviewer 3: You could shift all the `. The`s into the next word.

	word
		" "
	word

> 		"freshener" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"freshener"
```

		"perfume"
		"spray"
		"fragrance"
	word
		" "
	word
		"I used makes it smell like"
	word
		" "

> 	word
> 		"strawberries!"
> 		"bananas!"
> 		"peaches!"
> 		"roses!"
> 		"jasmine!"
> 		"lavender!"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	word
		"strawberries"
		"bananas"
		"peaches"
		"roses"
		"jasmine"
		"lavender"
	word
		"."
		"!"
```

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word

> 		"Have you seen the movie where the" 

Reviewer: "Holofilm" is used in other hails, may as well use it here too I guess.
```suggestion
		"Have you seen the holofilm where the"
```

Reviewer 3: Could keep both. Movie definitely sounds more natural and less space-opera-y than holofilm does to me, even if holofilm is included in the `visual media` phrase. You could also add a few other alternatives here.

	word
		" "
	word
		"bad guy"

> 		"villain"

Reviewer 3: Any reason to limit this to bad guys? I could totally see there being a movie like this where the hero is the one to do these things.

	word
		" "
	word
		"mounts overcharged twin blasters on a modded Argosy"

> 		"shoots up a security station with dual space pistols"

Reviewer: "Space pistol" sounds a little cliche, but we already have laser weaponry, so...
```suggestion
		"shoots up a security station with dual laser pistols"
```

> 		"dodges quad blaster turrets with a stolen Flivver"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"dodges quad blaster turrets in a stolen Flivver"
```

since "with" is a bit unclear (how is the villain doing using the Flivver, etc.)

	word
		"? So cool."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Frankly, I'm thinking of joining the Navy because"

> 		"Truthfully, I'm going to be part of the Navy because"

Reviewer 3: This doesn't really sound like something people would say. How can they guarantee that the Navy will accept them?
```suggestion
		"Honestly, I'm going to join the Navy because"
```

		"I'm enlisting in the Navy because"
	word
		" "
	word
		"of their dental insurance."
		"they'll cover my tuition."

> 		"their amazing ship selection."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"of their amazing ship selection."
```

Author: changed to "to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships"

> 		"their amazing ship selection."

Reviewer 3: Lore-wise, doesn't the Republic do a lot of work with independent captains who don't fly their big fancy ships? I doubt they'd put a merchant captain in command of even a Gunboat/Rainmaker early on. Of course, the merchant might not know that, but still...

Maybe:
```suggestion
		"to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships."
```

		"neodymium and neodymium" "neodymium"
		"neodymium or neodymium" "neodymium"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Be careful of"
		"A warning about"
		"Be suspicious of"
		"Don't trust"
	word
		" "
	word
		"those space casinos. I blew"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"a"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"half a"
		"a"
```

		"two"
		"three"
		"four"
		"five"

> 	word
> 		" "
> 	word
> 		"million credits on "

Reviewer 3: If you already have a space after "on," you might as well combine these two words:
```suggestion
	word
		" million credits on "
```

	word
		"Martini"
		"Thrall"
		"Geminus"
		"Hestia"
		"Vinci"
		"Vail"
		"Calda"
		"Pearl"
		"Glory"
		"Farseer"
		"Pilot"
		"Ada"
		"Hermes"
		"Mainsail"
	word
		" "

> 	word

Reviewer 3: Maybe add "playing" here? It makes it sound like each planet has their own version of each game. If that's what you want, it's fine, though.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "I blew a million credits on Ada poker." Works as a sentence.

		"blackjack."
		"poker."
		"backgammon."
		"baccarat."
		"roulette."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Have you read the latest edition of"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Cosmic Chronicles"
		"Daring Discoveries"
		"Norn Nebula News"
		"Southern Rim Spacer News"
		"Stars and Starships"
		"Sunracer Stellar Spectacles"
		"Tarazed Today"

> 		"The Galactic Gazette"
> 		"The New Moonshake"
> 		"The Satellite Sentinel"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"the Galactic Gazette"
		"the New Moonshake"
		"the Satellite Sentinel"
```

	word
		" "
	word
		"than"
	word
		" "
	word
		"beam lasers."
		"heavy lasers."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I shouldn't have sold my old ship. It was just a"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Shuttle"
		"Star Barge"
		"Sparrow"
		"Heavy Shuttle"
		"Freighter"
		"Fury"
	word
		" "
	word
		"but it never had"
	word
		" "
	word
		"stalling engines."
		"unstable shielding."
		"overheating fuel cells."
		"a glitchy HUD."
		"faulty ship detection."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Finished cleaning my cargo hold. The"
		"Cargo hold is all spick and span. The"
		"Finished scrubbing the hold. The"
	word
		" "
	word
		"freshener"
		"perfume"
		"spray"
		"fragrance"
	word
		" "
	word
		"I used makes it smell like"
	word
		" "
	word
		"strawberries"
		"bananas"
		"peaches"
		"roses"
		"jasmine"
		"lavender"
	word
		"."
		"!"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Have you seen the holofilm where the"
	word
		" "
	word
		"good guy"
		"hero"
		"bad guy"
		"villain"
	word
		" "
	word
		"mounts overcharged twin blasters on a modded Argosy"
		"shoots up a security station with dual laser pistols"
		"dodges quad blaster turrets in a stolen Flivver"
	word
		"? So cool."

phrase "friendly civilian"

> 	word
> 		"Frankly, I'm thinking of joining the Navy because"
> 		"Honestly, I'm going to join the Navy because"
> 		"I'm enlisting in the Navy because"
> 	word
> 		" "
> 	word
> 		"of their dental insurance."
> 		"they'll cover my tuition."
> 		"to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships."
> 		"they offer childcare assistance."

Reviewer 3: Whoops, doing it this way gives a chance of a "because to see" combination.
```suggestion
	word
		"Frankly, I'm thinking of joining the Navy"
		"Honestly, I'm going to join the Navy"
		"I'm enlisting in the Navy"
	word
		" "
	word
		"because of their dental insurance."
		"since they'll cover my tuition."
		"to see if I can get my hands on one of their warships."
		"because they offer childcare assistance."
```
